README.md, before:

# Functional connectivity in patients with adhd

## Overview

This is a research project as part of the master's degree in psychology at the Goethe University in Frankfurt am Main. 
The aim of this project is to investigate functional connectivity in patients with adhd using resting state fmri data.

Recent studies showed altered functional connectivity between certain brain networks in adhd ([Gao et al., 2019](https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/psychological-medicine/article/abs/impairments-of-largescale-functional-networks-in-attentiondeficithyperactivity-disorder-a-metaanalysis-of-restingstate-functional-connectivity/ED6EE39749D1CA6CA4DEF639C00711D2)). Taking a closer look at the affected networks (e.g. default mode network, frontoparietal network, affective network, ventral attention network and somatosensory network) this leads to the question if the subtypes of adhd differ in the connectivity between these networks.

Based on an open data set ([ADHD-200](http://fcon_1000.projects.nitrc.org/indi/adhd200/)) this project aims on answering this question using supervised and unsupervised machine learning.

### [Link to project presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UJh4XY4eKIXit-_BGjx1UasjU_EtFTyh/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=109631268300274874568&rtpof=true&sd=true)

Commit message:

added a link to OSF and structure

README.md, after:

# Functional connectivity in patients with adhd

## Overview

This is a research project as part of the master's degree in psychology at the Goethe University in Frankfurt am Main. 
The aim of this project is to investigate functional connectivity in patients with adhd using resting state fmri data.

Recent studies showed altered functional connectivity between certain brain networks in adhd ([Gao et al., 2019](https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/psychological-medicine/article/abs/impairments-of-largescale-functional-networks-in-attentiondeficithyperactivity-disorder-a-metaanalysis-of-restingstate-functional-connectivity/ED6EE39749D1CA6CA4DEF639C00711D2)). Taking a closer look at the affected networks (e.g. default mode network, frontoparietal network, affective network, ventral attention network and somatosensory network) this leads to the question if the subtypes of adhd differ in the connectivity between these networks.

Based on an open data set ([ADHD-200](http://fcon_1000.projects.nitrc.org/indi/adhd200/)) this project aims on answering this question using supervised and unsupervised machine learning.

In this [OSF project](https://osf.io/4ez8h/) the respective papers and websites can be found.

## [Link to project presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UJh4XY4eKIXit-_BGjx1UasjU_EtFTyh/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=109631268300274874568&rtpof=true&sd=true)

## Structure

This repository contains information about the code and the data used in the project as well as an openlab notebook in which the course of the project can be traced.
