open_lab_notebook/calendar_week_48.md, before:

# Calendar week 48 - goals & tasks

## Goals & tasks
- explain why plotting of the connectome is only left hemisphere
- start with implementing a supervised learning algorithm
- download motion parameters for NYU sample from brainlife
- plot the distribution of the groups (different diagnoses)
- add more comments regarding the supervised learning algorithm
- print the cross-validation splits


## Completed tasks
- tried to implement supervised learning algorithm (2 hours)
- lecture about deep learning (1.5 hours)
- looked through the c-pac outputs on brainlife (30 min.)
- weekly meeting -> started another pipeline on brainlife to preprocess data (1 hour)
- plotted the distributuin of the diagnoses groups (15 min.)
- added more comments regarding the supervised learning algorithm and adapted a few steps (1,5 hour)
- printed the cross-validation splits (15 min.)

## Problems
- don't know the difference between desc-1_regressors and desc-2_regressors

## Goals & tasks for next week
- check outputs on brainlife

Commit message:

updated tasks and recorded an error

open_lab_notebook/calendar_week_48.md, after:

# Calendar week 48 - goals & tasks

## Goals & tasks
- explain why plotting of the connectome is only left hemisphere
- start with implementing a supervised learning algorithm
- download motion parameters for NYU sample from brainlife
- plot the distribution of the groups (different diagnoses)
- add more comments regarding the supervised learning algorithm
- print the cross-validation splits


## Completed tasks
- tried to implement supervised learning algorithm (2 hours)
- lecture about deep learning (1.5 hours)
- looked through the c-pac outputs on brainlife (30 min.)
- weekly meeting -> started another pipeline on brainlife to preprocess data (1 hour)
- plotted the distributuin of the diagnoses groups (15 min.)
- added more comments regarding the supervised learning algorithm and adapted a few steps (1,5 hour)
- printed the cross-validation splits (15 min.)
- tried to use a StratifiedShuffleSplit in cross_val_predict (30 min.)

## Problems
- don't know the difference between desc-1_regressors and desc-2_regressors
- using a StratifiedShuffleSplit in cross_val_predict led to the following error: 'cross_val_predict only works for partitions'

## Goals & tasks for next week
- check outputs on brainlife
